Okay, we were talking about...
Oh, yeah. yeah
ahh
huhmmmm
Yeah I thought it was good too.
I guess yeah, it's kind of funky
(***) sometimes (***)
I feel like they just don't say it directly sometimes.
Like the things that I want to hear directly, they don't really sound good.
oh like (***)
They don't really say exactly what you're lacking. They do say what you're lacking.
But then it's like when they say no to a piece.
They don't really say why.
like (***) Last year I didn't get to play any concerto
showpiece, any like double stoppie, like a little flashy, like
None of that, it was all like lyrical, slow movements kind of stuff.
So I don't know.
Yeah, I said like even if I brought it up they would suggest oh, yeah family
last year, and then
i think, the end of spring quarter they like ask me what I want.
But yeah, for the most part last year I didn't have a sting.
And I
She knows, but like, I didn't really enjoy some of them. Or like, I didn't really like some of them, but...
I didn't really have a choice, so I just had to do it.
Yeah.
like don't  want to do corn balls.
i didn't,  I don't know. I don't know if I'll ask.
Maybe I'll ask him. I think it's a little too early.
Maybe if I start... Maybe if I start...
get to the third movement of the prokofiev maybe i'll like maybe pitch in the idea
Yeah, cuz like last year
I brought, I think I brought trike.
first movement and then like bop to her
And then it was like the first lesson with her and then she was like
Yeah, let's do something else that's not the chain.
Yeah. (***) she gave me something else to work on
I think it's like the Chaik meditation.
yeah  yeah and i did that for like
a good chunk (***)
(***) like no (***) I feel like for me it doesn't
Take too long?
Wait, what did you bring to her? The corn mold?
yeah
hummmm
oh
mmmm I feel like yeah
last year it was like
barely a piece a quarter like
Yeah, I think I worked on the Tchaikovsky meditation for like a whole quarter.
and then
We also had the Vivaldi and the Vivaldi was like
We had to do it in five weeks.
After that, I started the Prokofiev Five Melodies.
and I had it until the end of spring semester.
last year i think i only did (***)
I feel like that's just how... It's hard to tell.
Especially we still have to do the LSD
Colossian is much more difficult to read. In my opinion.
He like tries to like go around
yeah fun ike, what am I lacking? i think
i think like Did you do the Beethoven with him? (***)
Yeah, i feel like (***)
Maybe that's
yeah
yeah I remember, like, with the Prokofiev, he was always like, okay.
I'll see this next week again and it was just like that for like
a quarter and a half